Add a REVIEWERS file and a tool to parse it. (#30119)
openssl/openssl: CONTRIBUTING.md

 8. Guidelines on how to integrate error output of new crypto library modules
    can be found in [crypto/err/README.md](crypto/err/README.md).

> Reviewing-patches

Reviewer: Any particular reason why the hyphenation? Seems wrong for a section heading

=================

The OpenSSL project is large, with many areas of code that fall outside the subject
matter expertise of the core project developers.  In addition to the authoring of
features and bug fixes for the project, the entire community benefits from the review
of these changes by other community members.  Any participant is welcome and
encouraged to participate in the review process by commenting on PR's relevant
to their expertise.

If you, as a community member wish to gain more visibility on PR's which you
feel might be relevant to you and you're area of expertise, you are welcome to

> add your name to our REVIEWERS.json file, by opening a PR to modify it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
add your github user id to our REVIEWERS.json file, by opening a PR to modify it.
```

The REVIEWERS.json file is used and parsed by our core development team to identify
those community members who may be interested in changes affecting various areas
of code.

> The REVIEWERS.json file is in json format, and consists of 3 main sections

Reviewer: The format is generally referred to as `JSON`, in capitals (several places). Only the file extension should be lowercase

The "groups" section:  This is a json array consisting of objects that identify

> topics of interest for which you might be interested (i.e. "ARM/AARCH64" code).

Reviewer: The repetition of `interest` is quite clunky - how about just

```
topics of potential interest (i.e. "ARM/AARCH64" code).
```

> Each group maps to a set of github user ids that belong to that group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each group lists the set of github user ids that belong to that group.
```

The "platform" section: This is a json array listing all of the available
targets that openssl may be built for.  Each platform maps to a group in the
group section, identifying those groups interested in that platform.

The "codegroup" section: This section is a json array containing objects

> identifying both a set of regex values for changed code paths and content

Author: "containing objects lists" isn't right, but I'll fix it up.

changes, along with a list of groups from the "groups" section that identifies

> groups interested in changes that match against those regexs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
changes, and names groups from the "groups" section 
interested in changes that match against those regexs.
```
As above,  the list of groups given for a codegroup typically will not be complete/exhaustive.

 8. Guidelines on how to integrate error output of new crypto library modules
    can be found in [crypto/err/README.md](crypto/err/README.md).

Reviewing Patches
=================

The OpenSSL project is large, with many areas of code that fall outside the
subject matter expertise of the core project developers.  In addition to the
authoring of features and bug fixes for the project, the entire community
benefits from the review of these changes by other community members.  Any
participant is welcome and encouraged to participate in the review process by
commenting on PRs relevant to their expertise.

If you, as a community member wish to gain more visibility on PRs which you

> feel might be relevant to you and you're area of expertise, you are welcome to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
feel might be relevant to you and your area of expertise, you are welcome to
```

> add your github user id to our REVIEWERS.json file, by opening a PR to modify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
add your GitHub user ID to our REVIEWERS.json file, by opening a PR to modify
```

> add your github user id to our REVIEWERS.json file, by opening a PR to modify

Author: Those are mutually exclusive.  If you want REVIEWERS.json in backticks, it will be redered verbatim, and not render a link.

targets that OpenSSL may be built for.  Each platform names groups in the
group section, identifying those groups interested in that platform.

The "codegroup" section: The "codegroup" section: This section is a JSON array
containing regex values to match on changed code paths and on content in a
patch, along with a list of groups from the "groups" section are interested in
those corresponding changes.

If you have interest in being informed of a given change, so that you can
better see reviews relevant to your area of interest, feel free to open a PR
adding your GitBug user ID to a given group.

Note that, none of the groups, platforms, or codegroups list is meant to remain
static.  If there is an area of code not currently covered by the codegroups
array, or a platform not covered by the platform array, or if you feel a new
group is warranted, feel free to open a PR that adds to any of these to better
reflect your interests.

The core development team can then use the ([util/get_reviewers.py]) utility to
parse the `REVIEWERS.json` file and more easily identify you as someone who may
want to participate in a review by mentioning you in the corresponding PR.

> [util/get_reviewers.py]: https://github.com/openssl/openssl/blob/master/util/get_reviewers.py

Reviewer 2: The given link does not work (but yields 404), see https://github.com/nhorman/openssl/blob/reviewers/CONTRIBUTING.md#reviewing-patches
and there is a simpler way to do it, even including backticks for code-style monospace rendering:
```suggestion
The core development team can then use the [`util/get_reviewers.py`](util/get_reviewers.py) utility to
parse the `REVIEWERS.json` file and more easily identify you as someone who may
want to participate in a review by mentioning you in the corresponding PR.
```
